hi everyone and welcome back I received
so many requests asking me to do a hair
smoothing treatment when I was going to
do it when when when well here it is I'm
just going to get right into it and I'm
going to try to cover as much as I can
there are many different brands of
character and smoothing treatments two
very popular brands that I'm sure you've
heard of are the Brazilian Blowout and
the Coppola Keratin Complex now I've
tried both of them and they both gave me
similar results
they're smoothing treatments are not
going to keep your hair pinned straight
like the Japanese type of straightening
treatments they remove up to 95% of the
frizz add shine fight humidity and also
decrease blow-dry time the great thing
about these is that you can still curl
your hair if you want the downside is
that the majority of the treatments out
there have formaldehyde in them so some
more than others
and formaldehyde infuses keratin into
the hair cuticle I've read somewhere not
too long ago that the more formaldehyde
there is the longer the treatment lasts
so I'm not going to get into this but
please do your research and read all
about it online it's all over the
internet and if you're allergic to any
chemicals stay away from any type of
treatment with both treatments the hair
can be colored and highlighted but it's
best to do it before the treatment is
done because hair color penetrates into
the hair further and for me it also
lightened my hair one to two shades so
that does happen everyone is different
or you can wait at least two weeks after
the treatment is done I can only speak
from my experience I had the Brazilian
Blowout done professionally about four
years ago and few things I did not like
about it the smell and also irritated my
eyes like crazy because it contained
high levels of formaldehyde and at that
time I really do not know much about it
I also didn't like having that flat iron
set to 450 degrees that was way too high
but unfortunately we set that way in
order to infuse the keratin into the
hair cuticle and my hair really did not
like it at all now don't get me wrong my
hair looked great for about two months
but
then I noticed how dry and brittle my
hair got and I had so many split ends it
took like maybe more than a year to get
back on track I had to do conditioning a
lot more often than I normally would now
depending on the length of your hair it
takes about an hour and a half to two
hours or three hours to get the service
done and the results fade about maybe
three months later leaving hair in its
natural state again you can see results
right away right after the service and
your hair can be watched that same day I
also want to do my own research to see
what other treatments are out there plus
I very much enjoy doing things on my own
I call it's one of my me times and I
also want to control the heat setting on
my flat iron and last keep the cost down
now I've tried several different brands
and they all pretty much gave me similar
results I'll show you how to use the
Coppola Keratin Complex I first
purchased a starter kit of this
treatment couple of years ago on even I
think I paid about $60 and it contained
four ounces of the treatment and 4
ounces of the clarifying shampoo and by
the way this brand also has treatments
specifically for blond hair keratin
treatments give you a straighter look
for a long period of time I would say
maybe about three to five months which
is great if your goal is to have
straighter hair the downside is that
you'll see curly roots as your hair
grows out and the treatment must be kept
in your hair
I'd say for at least three days before
you can wash it out I honestly don't
mind that part at all and when I first
did the treatment I did a strand test on
the back of my hair so please do a
strand test before you do any type of
treatment and I waited about a week or
so to make sure my hair didn't fall out
or I didn't have an allergic reaction I
then did the treatment on my hair and
looked great
it lasted for about four to maybe five
months you can easily spend anywhere
from one hundred and twenty-five dollars
to buy six hundred dollars depending on
the length of your hair and where you
get it done while back I purchased a 16
ounce bottle from ebay and I think it
was about a hundred sixty hundred
sixty-five dollars so for my long hair I
use anywhere from three to four ounces
a product and it cost me maybe about
thirty two dollars to thirty to thirty
two dollars per treatment that's amazing
so you do the math you know I've saved a
lot of money both treatments can be
purchased online like eBay Amazon and
even other websites do a lot of research
and make sure you read sellers reviews
and don't be afraid to ask questions
questions questions so coming soon watch
out for part two which is the tutorial
segment but before I go I thought I'd
sneak in the shoe of the day from my
personal collection these are called
catching six by BCBG generation these
are absolutely gorgeous pointy leopard
pumps and the heel is about poor inches
high and they're very comfortable so
thanks again for watching and please
don't forget to subscribe so you can
watch the second part of this video and
with more videos to follow have a
fabulous day
and I'll see you soon take care bye bye